This tree includes support for both 4.0 and 4.1 pynfs testing.  It is
the merge of what were originally two independent projects--initially
the 4.0 pynfs code was all moved into the nfs4.0 directory, but as time
passes we expect to merge the two code bases.

Install dependent modules:

* Debian
	apt-get install libkrb5-dev python3-dev python3-pip

* Fedora
	yum install krb5-devel python3-devel python3-pip

* openSUSE
	zypper install krb5-devel python3-devel python3-pip

It is recommended to use a virtual environment (venv) for package installation. To create a venv, run the following command (may require installation):

python3 -m venv myenv

Activate the virtual environment by running:

source myenv/bin/activate

To install the package run:

pip install .

For development, it is recommended to install pynfs in editable mode using pip. To do this run:

pip install -e .

This will install pynfs in editable mode, which means that any changes you make to the source code will be immediately reflected in the installed package. This does not include changes to .x files.

After installation, several scripts detailed in setup.cfg will be added to your virtual environment. These scripts can be used to run pynfs tests and perform other tasks.

For more details about 4.0 and 4.1 testing, see pynfs/nfs40/README and
pynfs/nfs41/README, respectively.  For information about automatic code
generation from an XDR file, see pynfs/xdr/README.

Note that any server under test must permit connections from high port
numbers.  (In the case of the Linux NFS server, you can do this by
adding "insecure" to the export options.)

Note that test results should *not* be considered authoritative
statements about the protocol--if you find that a server fails a test,
you should consult the rfc's and think carefully before assuming that
the server is at fault.  (However, we do appreciate patches if you find
a test that requires incorrect behavior.)

See COPYING for copyright and license information.

See CONTRIBUTING to learn how to contribute to pynfs development.
